{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue36;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c85000;\csgenericrgb\c12054\c12284\c14131;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab494
\pard\tx494\pardeftab494\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\
The document was written by the author in third-person as a means to track an objective timeline across static infrastructures and without any personal conjectures.\
\
United States VR CEOs, U.S. Government Officials, and 4IR Market Logistics (2019-2025)\
\
Being homeless at the end of his high school senior year at Oakland Charter High School had him prioritizing his grades a lot more closely than he ever did in previous years. He turned in his assignments earlier, made up as much work as he was allowed to, and took as much time as he could to study for classes he knew he needed help in. Although he was sleeping in parks at the time, he felt assured to know he had a chance to make it out of his situation with the opportunities he had in school, the staff that was there to support him, and everyone else that had the patience to shelter him.\
\
Whether it was programming fruit to act as a musical instrument to impress his creative technology teacher or trading sci-fi authors like baseball cards with his English teachers, there was somewhat of an outlet for him and his interests. Most of which he couldn\'92t find anywhere else growing up in Oakland, California.\
\
Right before his high school graduation, he used to carry around a duffel bag full of clothes and hygiene supplies around campus along with his other backpack already full of textbooks. Worried about what others might think, he would try to convince his classmates and teachers that he was \'91just trying out for sports\'92 \'97even if it was the end of the year and he didn\'92t sign up for a single sports team. Other classmates would point it out and joke, \'93The quiet kid\'92s had enough.\'94, as if he wasn\'92t there.\
\
Some teachers knew or at least had an idea of the fact that he wasn\'92t staying with his family. Especially after staff intervened in a physical altercation on campus that had his parents escorted into a separate room for his safety. Most trusted his word when he said, \'93Everything was fine.\'94 \
\
Regardless of what was going on in the background, he never let it get in the way of pursuing an education in computer science.\
With what he learned from creative technology classes and a summer gig coding for an app initially called For The Win (later changed to Clutch) during his junior year in high school, he decided to work full-time for multiple virtual reality startups across San Francisco in order to support himself throughout the COVID-19 pandemic.\
\
At 18 years old, he began to work full-time for a leading virtual reality startup called The Void VR while part-timing for a virtual reality workout gym called BlackBox VR. Not only did it cover tuition, it was enough to be able to move into an apartment right outside of Lake Merritt on Crescent Street.\
\
As The Void developed proprietary assets that investors considered \'91cutting-edge\'92 technology, competing companies made an effort to reverse engineer those assets and trade secrets by any means necessary. He\'92ll never forget being told by management to watch out for potential competitors purchasing tickets as a way to see what kind of technology The Void had behind the scenes. Especially the ones taking notes while pretending to look for a bathroom.\
\
Nevertheless, he always assured the investors that The Void and their experiences were in fact the best in the market. Many who were lucky enough to see it during its opening still believe that it had some of the greatest experiences that virtual reality could offer.\
\
In November of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic shut down The Void and all its locations after transferring their IP to a holding company called VR Exit LLC. It gave him the opportunity to move back to his parents place and find work as a brand ambassador for Oculus VR under a contract by Facebook and BDS Marketing to develop what would later become the Meta Store, which led to taking another offer at the competitor to his first virtual reality job, Sandbox VR, preferring to take a risk with a startup than to stay complacent for a corporation.\
\
Sandbox VR managed to keep afloat throughout the pandemic as they offered hours at minimum wage and catered especially to workers from their former competitors as they had the capacity to handle heavier tasks while carrying computer equipment.\
\
Swapping his position from Sandbox VR with Carlos Due\'f1as, a former coworker from BlackBox VR, he took an offer from a company called B8ta to open and close two e-commerce stores in Hayes Valley and Mission Bay after they reopened their stores during the pandemic.\
\
Six months later, B8ta shut down their operations across all its stores at a moment\'92s notice. All without a warning to its management or bottom line workers. \
\
To everyone's surprise, Vibhu Norby (B8ta\'92s CEO), personally extended an apology at a farewell-party hosted at 25 Lusk, a private venue in San Francisco. All while offering a very accommodating severance plan to everyone affected by the shutdown.\
\
It was there that he asked about breaking into venture capital with only tech experience, and what he should do about the mistakes he\'92s made within the virtual reality industry.\
\'93This early on, you can make as many mistakes as you need. Start your own company as early as possible and don\'92t worry about what others think. I regret not doing any of this sooner, especially at your age.\'94\
\
Vibhu offers him a drink and asks him \'93Also, how old are you?\'94\
\
As the bartender hands over their drinks, he accidentally mutters, \'9320\'94, then \'9321\'94, and finally \'9320\'94  in the same second\'85\
\
\'9320?\'94 Vibhu asks while receiving a full cockeye from a bartender demanding an answer.\
\
\'93Yeah, I\'92m 20.\'94 He admits reluctantly as the bartender keeps the drink.\
\
\'93Dude. You shouldn\'92t worry about it too much. You\'92re gonna be fine. It\'92s good to make all the mistakes now while you still can. I\'92ll meet you back here a little later, alright?\
\
Oh yeah, that's my brother over there by the way. Anand. Have you met him yet?\'94\
\
As of today, B8ta continues to thrive across the Japanese retail market, looking even better than it did during the mid-20s in San Francisco.\
\
Asking for help, Carlos mentions being promoted to general manager in Sandbox VR\'92s San Mateo location during the time he worked at B8ta. Carlos sent him the onboarding paperwork through private messaging on Instagram and hired him in less than a week. Carlos then described the place as a \'93fast-fire, fast-hire environment,\'94 but to not worry since he ensured he\'92d be \'93looked out for.\'94\
\
Upon meeting his co-workers, he found that a lot of the men shared a similar interest in observing the guests as they unknowingly made compromising positions during their VR experiences, even if they appeared to be with their families. Doug was a coworker who first made note of this, which was later supported by another coworker named Gabe, who both were under supervision of Pam, a coworker at the time that would later become SF\'92s General Manager upon Carlos\'92 promotion.\
\
His first paystub at San Mateo read \'93$0.00\'94 as Carlos described a \'93glitch\'94 in the payroll software as they switched from one payment system called Deputy to another called Paychex during his onboarding. Nonetheless, he was assured by his manager that he\'92d be \'93looked out for.\'94\
\
It later had him witnessing a lot of calculated layoffs based on the decisions he and his manager made together as they reasoned and negotiated layoff plans for coworkers under his management. It was the first time he witnessed a high turnover rate used to reduce expenses associated with long-term employee benefits.\
\
Those expenses included healthcare and retirement plans for employees that work roles with limited durations and minimal training.\
\
This especially affected the cycle of minimum wage workers across all 40 locations of the franchise.\
\
He claimed that faster turnover rates at the company allowed managers to test different approaches and experiment with untested technologies on paying and unknowing customers without the risk of slowing down operations or unionizing within the company. These claims were substantiated after he accidentally delivered, distributed, and opened physical paychecks with his co-workers.\
\
It revealed a pay gap between new hires and old hires, with new hires being paid more than the old hires.\
\
On June 30th 2022, Carlos fired him the first day he moved into his apartment he had told his coworkers about months prior. Carlos\'92 final words being, \'93You should go back to Meta.\'94\
Reducing another set of long term expenses for the company, Carlos was promoted from General Manager to IT Deployment Technician shortly after his departure.\
\
Attempting to move his items back into his parents house while failing to convince them of cancelling the lease, he applied to any job he could while facing claims of squatting in the house. Bargaining with his mother to stay with her parents who were visiting from Mexico for the holidays, he was allowed to stay on the condition that he finds another place to stay before his grandparents return.\
\
His apartment unit was left empty, without a tenant to break the lease.\
\
On July 14th, 2022, he was offered his first 1099 contract for a startup developing AR cloud software called Enklu. He claims that if he had known of the requisitions the company implemented for their employees, he would\'92ve used his right to void the contract along with his NDAs.\
\
Initially he thought he would\'92ve been fired by Nick Wallingford, his new general manager, after Nick confronts him about side-hugging a sobbing coworker that is later revealed to be Nick\'92s girlfriend.\
\
\'93I know Ray. I can put you in a lot of places. I can also defer you from them. Remember that Maile is my girlfriend and there shouldn\'92t be any issues. \
Got it?\'94\
\
Nick was great at consulting.\
\
Unfortunately, it was done for him by Ray Kallmeyer, the CEO himself, before the contract expired.\
\
After being told, \'93Stop being a pussy! Stop being a pussy! You need to speak louder!\'94 by another clearly upset coworker, he was informed by Ray that it\'92s not okay to be upsetting the team at such a volume, and to prepare his things to leave.\
\
Ray\'92s final words of advice behind the closed doors of The San Francisco\'92s Palace of Fine Arts being,\
\
 \'93College is just a place where teenagers use their parents' money to go on vacation after high school. I was flipping pizzas when I was your age and learned a lot through watching YouTube videos and Googling everything. I\'92d recommend you do the same.\'94\
 \
Throwing that recommendation out the window had him immediately enrolling in a spring semester at Laney College in pursuit of a degree in Business Administration and courses in Artificial Intelligence.\
\
It wasn\'92t long until he was later on-boarded by another VR startup in Ghirardelli Square called Gameday VR, a movie theater concept with a business owner as present and assuring as the one before, Andrew Won. Meeting at Gameday\'92s Berkeley location for an interview, Andrew introduced him to a former developer from The Void that assisted Gameday VR to replicate and install a virtual reality stage that was first seen at The Void.\
\
Asking the former developer about a possible reopening of The Void, the developer insisted that, \'93The Void was in too much debt with its investors to ever reopen again.\'94\
He asked the developer, \'93You\'92re sure of this?\'94\
\
The developer replied, \'93Trust me, they\'92re never coming back. I wouldn\'92t worry about it.\'94\
\
His first official day there, Andrew mentioned having met his uncle, Felipe Tellitud, during their time working for a package delivery company called Golden State Overnight, the first job listed on his resume. Andrew asked if he still had any contact with his uncle Felipe or any family at all, to which he answered, \'93None.\'94\
\
That same day, he was reunited with an old coworker from Sandbox VR. A tall kid who spoke French while preferring to be called Max over his longer name.\
\
They both finally had another chance to work at a startup with more opportunities than most.\
\
Max was let go within the same hour they reunited.\
\
Max\'92s first day was only a few days before his.\
\
A few days into working at Gameday VR, he was reached out by an individual named John Iverson.\
\
He first met John over the phone after applying to a VR Arcade Owner position on Indeed that was described to be \'91specifically looking for a candidate that is interested in owning and operating a location.\'92 for a franchise called VR Arcade USA.\
\
John offered to sell him the franchise at $25,000 in a proposal packet that John had prepared for him. The packet included a listing titled \'919. Startup Expenses\'92 which included:\
\
A $20,000 franchise fee paid in cash or via money order.\
\
A $5,000 price tag for \'93Hardware.\'94\
\
A TBD price for leasing and insurance.\
\
In the same packet, a listing for \'916. Hardware\'92, was left empty.\
\
He declined the proposal and passed on John\'92s information and the packet to Ray Kallmeyer.\
\
John never heard from him again.\
\
A month later, Andrew took him home in an empty semi-truck after a day of unloading authentic Russian space equipment into Gameday VR\'92s Beach Street location. On the way there, Andrew would gleam at the fact that he also knew Ray, Enklu\'91s CEO, while Andrew described also having gone to school with Ray together, which only bolstered more of his concerns regarding the standards and precedents set for CEOs that operate within San Francisco\'92s VR industry, as well as its reinforcement on regulatory capture within the United States\'92 tech industry.\
\
It wasn\'92t too long until a review was posted online by a journalist from SF Gate named Grant Marek, deferring its shareholders from moving Gameday VR into Ghirardelli Plaza with a headline titled, \'93I went to SF\'92s new virtual Yosemite. It was a dump.\'94\
\
He claims that in hindsight, he would\'92ve definitely voided that first contract at Enklu.\
\
It would\'92ve kept Max at that theater.\
\
On May 23rd, he made his way to the SF Public Library to finish homework in the science fiction section in homage to where Ross William Ulbrict was arrested. There he noticed a group of individuals setting up tables and a podium for a public speech. He also noticed one bystander waiting patiently; a person with a bag, black jacket, burgundy pants, and a pair of shorts with a bear paw print.\
\
Leaving the library, he noticed a crowd gathered at the UN Plaza to hear a speech from a woman\'92s voice. Her speech held weight and conviction. However, she was only reciprocated with demands of accountability.\
\
Entering the center plaza, signatured vulgarities revealed that the woman\'92s voice was London Breed.\
\
Another person then stepped into his view from the outer plaza, shouting at the mayor. It was the same bystander that first arrived at the plaza before anyone else. Catching their breath, they reached into their bag and tossed out an orange brick.\
\
The draw was so quick, he claims that it almost looked like it, \'93Took off from the bag.\'94\
\
At the speed of realization, the crowd saw an orange blur heading towards the podium. Rather than hitting the mayor, the brick instead lands onto a nearby flag bearer.\
\
Board of Supervisors President Aaron Peskin quickly moved the meeting indoors and later released a statement claiming, "If we can't guarantee everyone's safety when the Mayor and her security team are present - we have lost control of our public realm. And that is our shared mission: to regain control of all of our public spaces, so that they are safe and clean for everyone always. We simply can't defend this status quo and we must continue to demand change."\
\
Peskin also stated in a that he had considered the plaza the \'93most fitting\'94 spot because of it becoming a hotspot for those openly abusing and buying substances in the area.\
A little later, Supervisor Preston provides a statement to ABC7 News as a means to announce a pilot program from the Department of Emergency Management.\
\
Researching for more details on the pilot program, he finds an excerpt regarding another member of SF\'92s Board of Supervisors in an article from KRON4 discussing a proposal that would allow law enforcement agencies to access public CCTV cameras in real-time and without a warrant.\
\
\'93Supervisor Ahsha Safai says he\'92s all for additional measures but says the Mayor is giving the Chief of Police too much leeway and not giving the board of supervisors enough oversight.\'94\
\
Weeks later, he finally began the spring semester at Laney College and accidentally began working on his first IP called, \'91veganwater.org\'92, a college homework assignment and practical joke that was unfortunately contacted on LinkedIn by a representative from Tetra Pak after creating a page for its domain.\
\
The representative did not receive a serious reply.\
\
He was later blocked by the representative.\
\
However, he faced many claims from his parents and sister that he was never working and wasn\'92t attending school at all. Convinced that he was photoshopping his class schedule and student ID to avoid paying rent to his parents, his father asked his brother Miguel to contact Tiny Grey-Garcia, the president of a non-profit organization called Poor Magazine, to personally verify them herself. Confirming their authenticity, he was able to continue studying at home while attempting to transfer to UC Berkeley.\
\
On a Sunday evening in June, he found himself stuck on a BART station platform. The coliseum station was temporarily shut down as a result of a police stand-off that resulted in officers deploying SWAT vehicles, helicopters, K-9 units, gas canisters, and police drones on a suspect that wouldn\'92t exit his car.\
\
Noticeable software and hardware equipment included Lenco Bearcats, Axon Body Cameras, VisionTek Pro Software, VisionTek Frontline Software, and helicopters equipped with DRT boxes.\
\
Filming the ordeal, he managed to capture footage of officers firing gas onto themselves after the canister bounced off the target's vehicle and back into their direction. Shortly after, a loudspeaker from the officers tells everyone on the platform to exit the station immediately.\
\
Repositioning to a fence behind the station, he continues to film a drone that was not previously deployed. The drone maintained a stationary position over the suspect\'92s windshield while providing time for officers to reassess their approach.\
\
The officers resorted to using K-9 units as a final means to remove the suspect from the vehicle.\
\
Finding a nearby cameraman from NBC Bay Area that was too far from the scene, he offers the footage to the cameraman in exchange for an interview. \
\
His footage was later broadcasted and credited the following Wednesday, including a brief excerpt that was pieced from the cameraman\'92s interview.\
\
Then in mid-August, he was told by his mother to move out on August 30th, 2024 after she realized he had taught his brother how to write his own income statements and to update his debits and credits in order to account for earnings he made while performing mariachi shows at his parents church.\
\
\'93You have to move out because you\'92re poisoning our son\'92s brain. You have until the end of the month to find somewhere else to live.\'94\
\
As a result of calling his parents\'92 bishop from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons), and scheduling a family meeting that upcoming Sunday, his father threw his items into the street weeks before the start of his fall semester.\
\
Calling his uncle, Miguel Soberanis ( "Muteado Silenciado" ) for help, Miguel insisted that, \'93This is what happens when someone doesn\'92t appreciate what someone has at home. It\'92s best to learn from the consequences of their actions.\'94\
After moving his things back into the overdue apartment unit, he was introduced to the organization, Poor Magazine.\
\
After which he began frequently visiting the LDS church\'92s Oakland 6th Ward as their bishop offered to buy him groceries while they waited for his parents to return the bishop's requests to meet together and sign his FAFSA application. \
\
Visits to the bishop's office were made a lot more frequently after spotting a framed image of Miguel in an LDS youth group during the 90s.\
\
His parents never returned his nor the bishop's calls.\
\
Over at Poor Magazine, he helped with assisting in weekly food drives while his uncle paid him $20 a week to edit and broadcast shows for their radio broadcasting. \
\
The ordeal ended when his uncle Miguel claimed that he, \'93Owed money to the organization as a result of being paid too much.\'94 \
\
Miguel later began to defer him from others he attempted to find work with as his uncle claimed that he was too unreliable and irresponsible to work anywhere else.\
\
Tiny always offered him a spot to live, and even provided dinners when his grandmother and uncle didn\'92t give him permission to eat or stay there overnight. On days that his grandmother did let him eat in her house, he was met with insults and often ridiculed for his physical attributes and financial situation. \
\
One night while finishing dinner at his grandmother\'92s house, she told him the names of his father\'92s two older brothers, Israel and Jaime Soberanis, claiming they were murdered in the 80s in southern Mexico.\
\
Asking who killed them did not prompt an immediate response from his grandmother.\
\
She only told him that he \'93Should\'92ve ended up the same way.\'94\
\
Tiny insisted that all he needed to do was to sign a contract that had him working, taking classes, and living there indefinitely for two years as part of a program if he wanted to move in with the rest of the organization, who were more than understanding of the situation with his relatives.\
\
He insisted that with enough time, he\'92d find a job and get a pell grant at the community college that can cover the overdue rent and possibly get a car just in case he\'92s evicted. He also told them not to worry if someone else moves into the space they\'92re offering, as he claimed that it's better suited for other families who need it instead of just more of his uncle\'92s relatives.\
\
All that he really needed was someone to sign a dependency override form after his parents refused to provide their tax information for his FAFSA registration, preventing him from being able to enroll into future classes.\
\
After receiving Tiny\'92s signature and finding work designing a website for a former Desert Storm operative turned Wiccan named Angel Heart, he eventually found his way back to Laney College in time for their debut Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning courses for the fall semester.\
\
In September of 2023, he used a school-issued Chromebook to run Linux programs needed to complete his AI homework, although his AI professor strongly advised against it. He then posted a README file to his student GitHub titled, \'93Linux-on-ChromeOS\'94 after his computer science professor recommended that he write a manual for other students using chromebooks at Berkeley City College.\
\
Additional READMEs included \'93Nostalgia-on-ChromeOS\'94 and \'93Contingency-on-ChromeOS\'94 which provided instructions on how to download video games, network monitoring tools, and remote access systems on a school computer.\
\
It later helped him in locating DeepLearning.AI\'92s CEO, Andrew Ng, during a livestream hosted at UC Berkeley\'92s Alumni House after his professor sent an invite to the class, without a place to meet.\
\
A semester later, The Peralta Community College District stopped issuing student Chromebooks for permanent or at-home use.\
\
That same September is when he failed an interview for a treasurer position within the Associated Students of Laney College after consulting with former members of DeAuth Network and The 4337 Mafia during a conference within the International Technical University in San Jose. The initial invite was offered by two former members of DeAuth Network, Howard Lee and Kai Chen, who were also his former classmates at Oakland Charter High School.\
\
After successfully joining ASLC 2023-24 as a student senator, he climbed his way to student treasurer and eventually interviewed for student vice president after the removal of student body president, Camila Yurivilca.\
\
It was during his time as a student senator that he began to develop a proof of concept for a financial deficit recovery system developed in-house by the students and staff of the Peralta Community College District called, \'93The Peralta Project\'94, as well as regularly attending zoom meetings for an unpaid content and copywriting role for a chinese crypto startup called Trade Wizards. This role was offered by the same former members of DeAuth Network.\
\
Howard would regularly encourage him to pursue the role as a means to avoid \'93bullsh-- work\'94 at Laney College.\
\
A semester later, he exited Trade Wizards and ceased all contact with Howard and Kai.\
\
His proof of concept aimed to turn the Peralta Community College District's \'932%\'94 budgetary issue of September 2023 into student homework assignments, exam questions, and tutoring exercises for Laney College's artificial intelligence and business administration courses.\
\
His goal was to build a system that would allow students to analyze, identify, and fix the Peralta Community College District\'92s budgetary issues while recovering equity in real-time with every successful student project.\
\
Then on October 21st, he\'92s introduced to Holly Elmore, president of Pause AI\'92s US chapter, during their first US-based protest held at Fisherman\'92s Wharf after he had found a flier at UC Berkeley while he was with an AI classmate from Laney College, a former US Navy sailor. \
\
After successfully re-interviewing and joining ASLC as a student treasurer for both ASLC and the LatinX club, his ASLC colleague, a member of Laney College\'92s chapter of the Poor People\'92s Campaign, offered him the chance to write about his situation in an article for The People\'92s Tribune.\
\
His initial draft included the names of various tech companies within the San Francisco VR market as a means to corroborate claims of corporate espionage and regulatory capture he described in the article.\
\
He was then asked by his colleague to remove the names and a statement claiming, \'93Regulatory capture in the United States\'94, before a final review from The Poor People\'92s Campaign as it was described by his colleague as, \'93Having nothing to do with poor people.\'94\
\
The article was published and the original draft was removed from his personal Google Docs account.\
\
Then on January 4th, a midnight operation had officers arresting homeless individuals and clearing encampments in People\'92s Park. This was done after UC Berkeley made the decision to clear the grounds before the California Supreme Court\'92s approval to begin constructing student housing on the property.\
\
The night of January 5th, many thousands gathered at the intersection of Telegraph Avenue and Haste Street. There he reunited with those he met while attending Laney College and working with Poor Magazine, as well as meeting a Telemundo reporter who offered him a second interview after another Telemundo reporter declined his statement claiming that they were, \'93Only looking for the controversy.\'94\
\
Sending footage to Poor Magazine, People\'92s Park was memorialized onto a flash drive.\
\
Later in February, he interviewed with The Oaklandside to mention more opportunities Laney College provided him following an invitation from Holly Elmore to attend Pause AI\'92s second US-based protest hosted outside of OpenAI\'92s headquarters.\
\
Shortly after, he declined a job offer from the computer science lab as a means to disassociate from his tech experience and strongly insisted on finding work in the Laney College Business Office.\
\
The Peralta Community College District did not move forward with any other job applications that were submitted by him during his time at Laney College.\
This included roles in the Laney College Business Office that were referred to him by a student faculty member and former associate to members of DeAuth Network.\
Instead, he was offered $50 under the table by a college administrator to load and offload music equipment for her band called, \'93The Groove Objective.\'94\
After two gigs, he asks her for help in finding an official job from the college district.\
\
\'93You\'92re young, why do you wanna work so hard?\'94 is what the administrator elaborated to him.\
\
Despite constant advice not to, he used his pell grant to purchase an unregistered and uninsured project car without owning a drivers license.\
\
Evicted on his birthday, he had officers from the Alameda County Sheriff's Office cooperate in assisting to carry his belongings from the apartment and into the vehicle. He later cut ties with anyone who ever supported him while attending Laney College.\
\
The car was stranded in Monterey\'92s Carmel Plaza and towed to Javier\'92s Auto Services as a result of a blown coolant line, warped gasket, fallen exhaust, missing battery tray, and an exposed relay after a failed route to the DeadCenter Film Festival in Oklahoma. After a two-week standby in Carmel for support, and an impound fee covered by his uncle Miguel, he was successfully transported to the festival in a van purchased and driven by an indie film director and another indie film producer he met at Poor Magazine while making a film based on the play, \'93Crushing Wheelchairs.\'94 written by Tiny and Miguel.\
\
Returning to Carmel from Oklahoma, a AAA agent was dispatched by a church pastor and former US Army soldier from the Monterey United Methodist Church after being transported from Javier Auto Services. The car was finally handed off to a mechanic and former US Marine that continues to reside within the neighborhoods of Eastmont.\
\
Recommended to apply for a barista position by an employee he would ask for leftover food from at a Starbucks on Lake Park Avenue, he emptied the vehicle and donated all of his clothing to Poor Magazine and redistributed all of his materials across Laney College. \
\
He later began to donate plasma at an Octapharma Plasma clinic in Eastmont as a means to allocate funds for food and laundry as he waited for Starbucks to move forward with his application.\
Unfit to donate as his weight dropped and blood samples continued to lower in protein, he resorted to registering for focus groups and research studies as a means to find immediate employment.\
\
Visiting the LDS church\'92s Oakland 6th Ward, he later met with a stake president and volleyball coach for the College of Saint Mary that provided him with a sleeping bag for nights he\'92d spend in the street while offering some nights to stay over if the place was vacant.\
\
With a span of multilingual jokes during an improvised stand-up routine on the sidewalk, he received $100 in cash from a fellow he met in a bar on Grand Avenue called The Alley, to where he later drove him back to an enclosure he slept in at Lake Merritt, asking him to use the money on whatever he felt he might need.\
\
He later loses the cash on a BART train getting off from MacArthur Station on his way to purchase an electric guitar from Oakland Guitars. Desperately explaining his situation to Johnny Morales, owner of Oakland Guitars, Johnny lended him an all black Squire Stratocaster.\
\
Johnny then refers him to resources and work provided by non-profit organizations such as Oakland Punks With Lunch and Rogers & Rosewater, while offering items from the shop for him to have.\
Days later in the early morning, the Stratocaster was stolen as he slept on a park bench at Laney College.\
\
He later traded in an acoustic Aria guitar that he found on Jackson Street for a cherry red Epiphone SG. After trading in the Epiphone for an Ibanez miKro, he began to develop a tour for an IP titled, \'93Homeless Propaganda\'94, a response to those removed from San Francisco City's streets upon XiXing Ping's arrival and for those removed from People's Park following UC Berkeley's decision to develop student housing.\
\
The name \'93Homeless Propaganda\'94 was specifically used as a means to identify parsing technologies that detect, regulate, and censor certain keywords, phrases, and usernames across domains, search engines, social media platforms, and VR spaces.\
\
After recording an unreleased EP within the music rooms of Laney College without having registered for a music class, Homeless Propaganda performed across four open-mics in a four-day span; Melo Melo Kava Bar, The Starry Plough, Lumen Labs and Dezi\'92s Lounge hosted by Dope Era.\
\
Leaving Dezi\'92s Lounge, he\'92s later introduced to record producer Lawrence Clark Jr. (aka Pimp Style Da Producer.) by an artist that goes by the name \'91Spartacus Life\'92, a resident of the Wood Street Commons, an extended outfit to Poor Magazine.\
\
Homeless Propaganda held their final performance a week later within The Starry Plough, closing the song with the lyrics, \'93F--- the CCP.\'94 following an electric guitar solo.\
Shortly after participating in a TMS-EEG research experiment conducted by Stanford Medical Research, he received a job offer and an orientation date from Starbucks. \
In between shifts at Starbucks, he began to download all NDA protected materials, correspondences, and contacts he received within the VR industry onto his flash drive as a means to collect documents that corroborate claims of corporate espionage and regulatory capture within 4IR-dependent infrastructures.\
\
This was done to begin developing a contingent asset and legal framework that can track, analyze, monitor, and mitigate precedents set by U.S. CEOs and U.S. elected officials collaborating in the early-stages of development for new critical infrastructures within the US tech, medical, financial, and education industry.\
\
During this time, Meta Research later offered him to participate in a study with Appen Inc that would allow Meta researchers to train universal codec body models for virtual reality.\
Walking into Facebook\'92s FRE 6422 lobby in Fremont, he was joined by two others who were also participating in the study. \
\
Before entering the laboratory, the researchers ask if anyone is based in Ohio or Colorado, as they described Meta\'92s forms of data collection as, \'93Illegal in those states.\'94\
Verifying his address, he was then asked to undress in a changing booth and to wear a robe before being escorted into a room with a plaque labeled \'93Avataras,\'94 next to the door. \
\
Across from it was another room that was labeled, \'93We Are Every Woman.\'94\
\
There were no further descriptions or subtitles written for the plaques.\
\
Inside the \'91Avataras\'92 room was a proprietary 3D-scanning dome that contained a teleprompter displaying words and images to act out as the dome scans a subject\'92s movements and epidermic topography.\
\
For a final task, he was asked to enter the dome while only wearing his boxer briefs and asked to act out the following phrase; Chicken.\
\
Informed by the researcher that there is no specific action for the word, he acted as a chicken eating a bucket of chicken as a reference to the fictional allegations of animal cruelty made against Mark Zuckerberg\'92s former colleague, Eduardo Saverin, in the 2010 movie The Social Network.\
\
A few days later, he was paid with a virtual gift card.\
\
Then on November 21st, 2024, one month after his onboarding and training, Starbucks was met with a ransomware attack that rendered their payment and scheduling softwares inoperable for the first time in company history. \
\
He was let go a week later as a result of repeated \'91no-call no-shows\'92 and tardiness to work.\
\
Shortly after, he successfully allocated the rest of his findings into a 9GB dossier, executive summary, and intelligence report.\
\
Using previous methods that were implented to find Andrew Ng, he locates an employee from Niantic during their 3D scan in Pier 39.\
\
There, he meets Oliver Johnston, who offers him a temporary contract from Adecco to work for Niantic.\
\
Months later, revisiting Pam at Sandbox VR\'92s San Francisco location to talk more about San Mateo, Pam was let go from the company.\
\
\
}
